Humph brat
You really can't talk big
Just by you
Can make him the happiest woman in the world
You're dying yourself, you know that?
Those who once wanted me dead
The grass on the grave must have been very deep
Okay, let's brag for a while
Anyway, you won't be able to blow it later.
Emperor
You have to teach me a good lesson today
Don't worry, bitch
Anyone who messes with me will go to hell
Who provoked you?
Dad, you are here
Some people underestimate my governor's palace for bullying my son
Can I not come?
Dad is him
It's you, I put my total tofu in my eyes
And kill my son
That's right, what about me?
You have the kind of son come here
Stand in front of him and let him try
Come on, boy, hit me
Damn you dare
You're courting death, grab this ring